The prestigious school that turned
out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Young Midoriya, I...
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
...am effectively retired.
My body cannot fight anymore.
The last embers of One For All have gone out,
and I can't really keep
my muscle form anymore.
But even so, every single time,
you rush out no matter what I tell you!
No matter how many times I tell you,
you keep destroying your body!
That's why, this time...!
...when you got out of a predicament
for the first time without getting injured,
I was so happy.
From here on out,
I will devote myself to raising you.
Let's keep... working hard together.
All... All Might, I...
All Might...!
Huh...? This...
Oh yeah, I'm not at home...
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
Morning.
After being attacked twice
by the League of Villains,
U.A. High School thought to protect its
students by switching to an all-dorm system.
A five-minute walk from U.A. school grounds,
on the third day after moving into
the student dorm, Heights Alliance,
our new lives begin as we devote
our days to becoming heroes.
I will definitely become one.
Since I inherited from All Might...
...his will and One For All!
"Create Those Ultimate Moves"
I believe I mentioned
this yesterday, but for now,
Class 1-A of the hero course will be focusing
on getting their provisional licenses.
Yes, sir!
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
A hero license bears with it the
great responsibility of human life.
Of course, the exam
to receive one is very difficult.
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
Even the provisional license has
only a 50% passing rate each year.
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
Just the provisional license is that hard?
That's why today, we will have
each of you come up with at least two...
...ultimate moves.
"Pro Hero - Cementoss - Quirk: Cement"
"Pro Hero - Midnight - Quirk: Somnambulist"
"Pro Hero - Ectoplasm - Quirk: Clones"
Ultimate moves?!
It's like a real school thing and yet--
It's like a super normal hero thing!
"Ultimate"! This means that
this move will give you a sure win!
A move so ingrained into
your body that others cannot copy it.
Battle means seeing how much you can
force what you're good at on your opponent.
Your moves will represent you.
These days, pro heroes without
ultimate moves are an endangered species.
We will tell you more as we go along.
We want to proceed logically.
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Change into your costumes
and meet in Gym Gamma.
"Gym Gamma"
Gym Gamma, also known as the
"Training Dining Land," or TDL.
"Training Dining Land"
TDL might make a certain mouse mad at us...!
I came up with the idea for these facilities.
Terrain and other things can be
prepared specifically for each student.
That's what the "dining" part refers to.
I see...
Please allow me to ask a question!
Why must we have ultimate moves
for our provisional licensing exam?
Please tell me your reasoning!
I'll tell you everything in order.
Calm down.
The job of a hero is to save people
from danger, like crimes, accidents,
natural disasters, and man-made disasters.
The exam to become one naturally looks
at how well you are able to do that.
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
Your ability to gather information,
make decisions, move, and fight,
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
in addition to your ability to communicate,
draw people to you, and lead--
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
Every year, a different test is used to look
at how well you are able to do those things.
Of those, your ability to fight is especially
important to your futures as heroes.
If you are prepared, you won't have to worry.
Whether or not you have an ultimate move
will greatly affect whether or not you pass.
Not being influenced by circumstances
and being able to act consistently
will make you a great
asset on the front lines.
Your ultimate moves do not necessarily
need to be of the attacking type.
For example, Iida's Reciproburst--
The temporary burst of speed is enough of
a threat to be worth calling an ultimate move.
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
So that's good enough
to be called an ultimate move?
I see... So we need to find
something that allows us to feel like
"As long as I do this,
I have the advantage. I can win."
Exactly!
Kamui Woods, who played a
big part in the fight the other day,
has a move called Lacquered Chain Prison
that is the perfect example of an ultimate move.
It restrains his opponents
before they can do anything.
The training camp was cancelled,
but the training you did to develop your Quirks
was part of the process
to create your ultimate moves.
In other words,
until the beginning of the next semester,
for the ten days or so
until the end of summer vacation,
you'll be working out your ultimate
moves as you develop your Quirks.
You'll be doing intensive training!
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
In addition, you should think about
how you can improve your costumes
to work better with your developing Quirks.
Get through this with a
"Plus Ultra" mentality.
Are you ready?
Yes, sir!
I'm getting excited!
What should I do?
Your movements say
"I move like this because I have a tail."
Let's reexamine the
fundamentals of how you move.
Yes, sir!
In other words, I'm too normal, huh?
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
Ultimate move--
Shooting acid from my hands like this!
How is it?
If you're going to take that route, then make
a nozzle with your fingers and squeeze it out.
That's it.
Wow, I can shoot further now!
Shall we have you focus
your acid to develop it further?
Create two things at the same time.
You can start with something simple.
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
Yes, sir!
Everyone's moving forward.
What are you staring off into space for?
Oh, um--
About the ultimate moves...
My arms are like ticking time bombs now,
and I can't really use them too much...
Honestly, I can't really visualize how
an ultimate move would work in my case...
Hmm... It's true that your Quirk is the furthest
from being able to be called consistent.
If you still don't have a fixed style yet,
then today, focus on developing your Quirk.
Yes, sir...
Everyone's working hard, huh?
All Might...
I am...
...here even though I wasn't asked to be
because I didn't have anything else to do today!
Well, please focus on your recuperation.
To prepare for the next semester.
Hey, hey, don't act so cold.
This is the class for ultimate moves, right?
There's no way I want to miss this.
I am a teacher, too, you know.
It looks like he's having trouble.
Take that!
It's been a while since I've
been able to go wild! It feels good!
Ectoplasm! Mine died! Give me another!
He's amazing.
Yes. He'll definitely get even stronger.
Oooh! Bakugo's really into it!
That guy's already got a lot of
different ideas for his ultimate move, huh?
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
He had a name from the entrance exam!
Whoops!
Focus!
Y-Yes sir!
I've got a move I've been working on
since I was a kid called Grape Rush, you know.
I mean, everyone's
thought about it before, right?
I thought about doing
a lightning sword or something.
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
I'm getting excited just thinking about
being able to do it for real in a place like this.
What kind of ultimate move
can I create with these arms...?
Hey.
Oh, All Might!
Here's some advice.
You're still trying to imitate me.
Huh?
What do you mean by that...?
Hey, Young Kirishima!
All Might!
I'm going over to give you some advice.
With your Hardening,
rather than trying for small tricks,
you should try to bulldoze your way through.
Yes, sir!
I can't call it teaching
if I just tell you the answer.
Think, young man!
Whether you're right or
wrong isn't important.
What's important is for you
to think it over and realize it for yourself.
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
Young Jiro! I have advice for you!
What are you doing, all of a sudden?
"Even Dummies Can Be Teachers!
Easy Education Theory"
Huh?
Regarding the improvements to your costumes,
it won't do any good to think
about things outside your specialty.
If there's something you want to change,
go to the development studio
on the school grounds
and ask an expert.
You're still trying to imitate me.
I still don't really understand
what All Might meant by that,
but anyway, it'd be bad
if my arms stopped working.
If there was some sort of brace that
could support the movement of my arms...
I need to work out my body to increase the
upper limit of how much One For All I can use...
From the conception to the
completion of my ultimate move...
To keep from falling behind everyone...
No, that's not it! I need to be at the top!
I see! You're focusing
on making your own body float?
Yeah! If I add more mobility,
then I can use the martial arts
I learned at my internship even more!
What about you, Iida?
I want to reduce the demerits of my Recipro.
I'm planning on asking the development
studio to improve my radiator.
Oh, it's Deku!
I was just wondering where you were!
Don't run in the hallway!
Deku, are you here
for costume improvements, too?
Oh, Uraraka--
Oww...
You know, you really shouldn't just
put everything you think of together!
"Failure is the mother of invention,"
Mr. Power Loader,
as Thomas Edison once said.
Even if what I made
doesn't work the way I planned,
that doesn't mean it was a waste of time--
This isn't the time for that!
Will you listen to me for once, Hatsume?
Oh? When did you get here?
B-B-B...
...oobs!
"Izuku Midoriya"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 7/15"
"Height: 166 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowl"
"Mei Hatsume"
"Quirk: Zoom"
"She can see clearly up to 5 km away."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Support Course"
"Birthday: 4/18"
"Height: 157 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Steampunk"
Sorry about the sudden explosion!
It's been a while, huh?
Hero course students, um...
"Support Course First Year - Mei Hatsume"
I've forgotten all of your names.
I-I'm Izu-Izuku M-Midoriya...
I'm Tenya Iida!
I'm the man you used as an advertising
tower during the sports festival tournament!
I see!
Well, I'm busy developing my babies, so...!
Um, wait, I wanted to ask Mr. Power Loader
about improving my costume...
Improving your costume?
Sounds interesting!
Hatsume.
It's fine for you to come in and out of the
studio now that the dorm system is in place,
"Excavation Hero -  Power Loader"
but if you go wild in here any more,
I'm going to banish you!
U-Um...
I've already heard from Eraser Head.
You're here about changing your costumes
as you develop your ultimate moves, right?
Come in.
It's like a secret hideout!
Now, show me the instructions
for your costume.
It's in the case with your costume, right?
I have a license to make costumes,
so I'll tinker with what I can using that.
For small changes and repairs, I can just
report what I changed to the design company,
and they'll do the paperwork for it,
but for major changes,
we'll have to fill out an application
and ask the design company to do it.
Then, the government will check
the new costume, and once it's approved,
it'll come back here.
Anyway, the agencies we
work with are the best,
so we usually get them
back in about three days.
Um, I was thinking about how I could lessen
the strain on the ligaments of my arms...
Is something like that possible?
Um, Midoriya, you...
fight with your fists and fingers, right?
If that's the case, then it'd be possible
to do it pretty fast with just a little tinkering.
Isn't that great, Deku?
Yeah!
Yes, yes, I see.
H-Hatsume, what are you...?
I'm touching his body.
Yes, yes, much more solid than he looks.
Very well, you can use...
My baby that I'd been saving, a powered suit!
Um...
This high-tech baby can read
the contractions of your muscles
and support your movements!
It's baby number 49!
I'm fine with just support for my arms...
Start!
Wow, it's amazing! It's moving on its own!
Huh? Wait, it won't stop... wait...
--Ow... Ouch... my back...!
--Deku!
Stop!
It looks like I made a mistake
in its operational limits program.
"heh heh heh"
I'm sorry!
Are you all right?!
All I asked for was a brace for my arms,
but my torso ended up
almost getting twisted off...
This is fine, too. It'd probably
be useful as a capture item.
Um, I would like you to strengthen
the cooling device on my legs...
If that's the case, then...
There's this baby!
Hey!
This is an electric booster for super coolers
that can cool things that give off heat!
It's baby number 36!
--Isn't it cute?
--No, I don't need to change my booster, Hatsume!
--Booster, on!
--Besides, why is on my chest?! Hey!
Iida!
My Quirk is on my legs, though...
I know.
But you know what I think?
If you want to cool your legs,
then why don't you run with your arms?
What in the world are you saying?!
Stop messing around!
You're still trying to imitate me.
Oh, it's like.... oh...
Sorry about that.
She's self-centered to a fault.
I know that very well.
Yeah.
But well, if you all are
aspiring to be heroes,
then you should treasure
your relationship with her.
I'm sure you'll be calling
on her after you become pros.
Take a look at that.
That pile of junk...
Those are all support items Hatsume
has made since starting school.
Even when school's not in session,
she's here tinkering with something.
I've seen many students
in the support course in my career,
but Hatsume really is special.
It's been just a little over
four months since we started school,
and she's already made so many...
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices
acquired by age eighteen," said Einstein.
She is unafraid of failure, constantly
thinking of new ideas and trying them out.
Those who are innovators
are not bound by existing ideas.
You're still trying to imitate me.
--Something...! Something...!
--Your admiration for All Might and
your sense of duty are like shackles.
--Something is...
--If you want to cool your legs,
then why don't you run with your arms?
...becoming clear!
Iida, can you teach me?
I-I don't know what you're
talking about but wait a minute!
You may not have noticed, but we haven't
made progress on any of our costumes.
Oh, that's right!
Deku, your face suddenly cleared up.
Huh? R-Really?
Speaking of which,
are you changing part of your costume?
I want to control my nausea more...
Is that right?
In that case, how about this?
What is that? Will it explode?!
If you do this to the item...
Something black came out!
Hatsume!
I'm sorry!
Our training to create
ultimate moves continued...
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"Suppression in Progress"
"Four Days Later"
How are things progressing, Aizawa?
You're here again? We're getting there.
Midoriya!
Did you change your costume?
Yeah! I got braces
to reduce the strain on my arms.
You should've used the chance
to change your whole look.
Your costume was on the boring side.
It's fine.
Congrats on getting into U.A.!
I might've jumped to conclusions, though.
I don't want to change the base too much.
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
Cover me, Dark Shadow!
Got it!
By covering myself with Dark Shadow,
I am able to make up for my
weaknesses in physical and close combat.
I call it...
"Abyssal Black Body"
...Abyssal Black Body!
Isn't that hard to say?
It's important for your
move names to be easy to say, too.
Got it!
There are those who have
finally solidified their styles
and those who are already
trying to create multiple moves.
Not from the whole palm of my hand,
but an explosion from
a single concentrated point...
"AP Shot (Armor Piercing Shot)"
AP Shot!
I did it!
Young Bakugo's really doing well, as usual.
Yes.
Hey, look out!
Smash...!
All Might's ultimate moves
are generally fists.
Since I inherited One For All,
I thought I should also do the same
and decided that without realizing it!
It's really simple!
So simple that I didn't even realize it!
If I'm worried about my arms,
then I'll use my legs!
One For All: Full Cowling...
...Shoot Style!
That's right.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
One For All: Full Cowling...
...Shoot Style!
Costume Gamma!
With both in hand, I take on
the provisional hero licensing exam!
Next time, "The Test"!
"Next time: The Test"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!